Doc tests (#1583)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb: docs/source/testing/index.rst

Testing
-------

PyNWB has a goal of 100% test coverage, so it is important that any changes to the code base be covered by tests. Our

> tests are split into two four categories, all of which are in the ``tests/`` folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tests are split into three main categories, all of which are in the ``tests/`` folder:
```

> * ``tests/back_compat`` is a collection of small old NWB files and a small testing script that ensures we can still
>   read them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``tests/back_compat`` tests to check compatibility of the API with older version of NWB. This is a collection of small NWB files with many different versions and a small testing script that ensures we can still read them.
```

* ``tests/unit``: tests that cover each use-case of each method or function
* ``tests/integration``: tests that neurodata types and NWB file can be written and read in various modes and
  backends including HDF5 and using the ros3 driver.

> 

Reviewer: @rly @CodyCBakerPhD what about https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb/tree/dev/tests/validation it looks like that folder is intended for tests of command line tools. Should this be renamed to tests/cli_tools ?

Author: I added a mention of this in the docs

> * ``tests/validation``: tests command line usage of NWB validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``tests/validation``: tests command line usage of the ``pynwb.validate`` NWB validator.
```

In addition to the ``tests/`` folder, there is also a :py:mod:`pynwb.testing` package. This module does not

> contain any tests but instead contains classes and/or functions that can be used by PyNWB tests and can be imported
> and used in the testing suite of any downstream library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contain any tests but instead contains classes and/or functions that help with the implementation of tests for PyNWB and are used in the testing suite and also be imported
and used by downstream libraries, e.g., to implement test suites for extensions to the NWB (NDX).
```
